[Music]
[Music] Efram feeds on the wind and pursues the
Efram feeds on the wind and pursues the
Efram feeds on the wind and pursues the east wind he daily increases lies and
east wind he daily increases lies and
east wind he daily increases lies and desolation also they make a covenant
desolation also they make a covenant
desolation also they make a covenant with the Assyrians and oil is carried to
with the Assyrians and oil is carried to
with the Assyrians and oil is carried to Egypt the Lord also brings a charge
Egypt the Lord also brings a charge
Egypt the Lord also brings a charge against Judah and will punish jacob
against Judah and will punish jacob
against Judah and will punish jacob according to his ways according to his
according to his ways according to his
according to his ways according to his deeds he will recompense him he took his
deeds he will recompense him he took his
deeds he will recompense him he took his brother by the heel in the womb and in
brother by the heel in the womb and in
brother by the heel in the womb and in his strength he struggled with God yes
his strength he struggled with God yes
his strength he struggled with God yes he struggled with the angel and
he struggled with the angel and
he struggled with the angel and prevailed he wept and sought favour from
prevailed he wept and sought favour from
prevailed he wept and sought favour from him he found him in Bethel and there he
him he found him in Bethel and there he
him he found him in Bethel and there he spoke to us that is the Lord God of
spoke to us that is the Lord God of
spoke to us that is the Lord God of hosts the Lord is his memorable name so
hosts the Lord is his memorable name so
hosts the Lord is his memorable name so you by the help of your God return
you by the help of your God return
you by the help of your God return observe mercy and justice and wait on
observe mercy and justice and wait on
observe mercy and justice and wait on your God continually a cunning
your God continually a cunning
your God continually a cunning Canaanites deceitful scales are in his
Canaanites deceitful scales are in his
Canaanites deceitful scales are in his hand he loves to oppress and Ephraim
hand he loves to oppress and Ephraim
hand he loves to oppress and Ephraim said surely I have become rich I have
said surely I have become rich I have
said surely I have become rich I have found wealth for myself in all my labors
found wealth for myself in all my labors
found wealth for myself in all my labors they shall find in me no iniquity that
they shall find in me no iniquity that
they shall find in me no iniquity that is sin but I am the Lord your God ever
is sin but I am the Lord your God ever
is sin but I am the Lord your God ever since the land of Egypt I will again
since the land of Egypt I will again
since the land of Egypt I will again make you dwell in tents as in the days
make you dwell in tents as in the days
make you dwell in tents as in the days of the appointed feast I have also
of the appointed feast I have also
of the appointed feast I have also spoken by the prophets and have
spoken by the prophets and have
spoken by the prophets and have multiplied visions I have given symbols
multiplied visions I have given symbols
multiplied visions I have given symbols through the witness of the prophets
through the witness of the prophets
through the witness of the prophets though Gilead has idols surely they are
though Gilead has idols surely they are
though Gilead has idols surely they are vanity though they sacrifice Bulls in
vanity though they sacrifice Bulls in
vanity though they sacrifice Bulls in Gilgal indeed their altars shall be
Gilgal indeed their altars shall be
Gilgal indeed their altars shall be heaps in the furrows of the field
heaps in the furrows of the field
heaps in the furrows of the field Jacob fled to the country of Syria
Jacob fled to the country of Syria
Jacob fled to the country of Syria Israel served for a spouse and for a
Israel served for a spouse and for a
Israel served for a spouse and for a wife he tended sheep by a prophet the
wife he tended sheep by a prophet the
wife he tended sheep by a prophet the Lord brought Israel out of Egypt and by
Lord brought Israel out of Egypt and by
Lord brought Israel out of Egypt and by a prophet he was preserved
a prophet he was preserved
a prophet he was preserved Efram provoked him to anger most
Efram provoked him to anger most
Efram provoked him to anger most bitterly therefore his Lord will leave
bitterly therefore his Lord will leave
bitterly therefore his Lord will leave the guilt of his blood shed upon him and
the guilt of his blood shed upon him and
the guilt of his blood shed upon him and return his reproach upon him
return his reproach upon him
return his reproach upon him [Music]